README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13273787/178304155-23c2e2bd-4540-4b0a-bd51-cef236079bc9.jpg" alt="Logo Twify" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/tzsk/twify/actions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/tzsk/twify/CI/main?logo=github&style=for-the-badge" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/twify"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/twify?logo=npm&style=for-the-badge" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/twify"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/twify?logo=npm&style=for-the-badge" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/tzsk/twify"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/tzsk/twify?logo=typescript&style=for-the-badge" alt="Language"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  A simple tool to setup <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/">Tailwind CSS</a> in your fresh project with a Single Command.
</p>

![Twify](./assets/twify.png)

## :gift: Installation

Scaffold a new project of your choice of framework, then simply run,

```sh
npx twify init
```

### Command Options

Other than `--help` you can also do more.

#### Preserve Existing CSS

By default, twify will replace your existing CSS and only keep Tailwind. But if you want to preserve the existing CSS you can use the `-p, --preserve` flag.

```sh
npx twify init -p
# OR
npx twify init --preserve
```

#### Force Package Manager for Installation

By default, twify will try to guess the Package Manager for installing dependencies in your project but if you want to force your standard or you don't want to take any chances you can use the `-i, --installer` option.

```sh
npx twify init -i yarn # Options: npm, yarn, pnpm
# OR
npx twify init --installer yarn
```

## :star: Supported Projects

Below are the list of Supported Projects,

| **Framework**    | **Javascript**     | **Typescript**     |
|------------------|--------------------|--------------------|
| Next JS          | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Remix            | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Nuxt 2           | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Nuxt 3           | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Svelte Kit       | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Laravel Vite     | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Vite             | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Angular          | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Create React App | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Gatsby           | :o: WIP            | :o: WIP            |


## :microscope: Testing

After Cloning the repository, install all npm dependencies by running: `npm install`.

Then Run Tests:

```bash
$ npm run test
$ npm run coverage
```

## :date: Change log

Please see [release history][link-releases] for more information on what has changed recently.

## :heart: Contributing

Please feel free to contribute ideas and PRs are most welcome.

## :crown: Credits

- [Kazi Mainuddin Ahmed][link-author]
- [All Contributors][link-contributors]

## :policeman: License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

[link-author]: https://github.com/tzsk
[link-contributors]: ../../contributors
[link-releases]: ../../releases

Commit message:

feat: Add Tailwind Prettier (#42)
* feat: Add Tailwind Prettier

* Change preserve to keep and add pretty flag

* Update readme

* Some minor tweaks

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13273787/178304155-23c2e2bd-4540-4b0a-bd51-cef236079bc9.jpg" alt="Logo Twify" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/tzsk/twify/actions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/tzsk/twify/CI/main?logo=github&style=for-the-badge" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/twify"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/twify?logo=npm&style=for-the-badge" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/twify"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/twify?logo=npm&style=for-the-badge" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/tzsk/twify"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/tzsk/twify?logo=typescript&style=for-the-badge" alt="Language"></a>
</p>
<p align="center">
  A simple tool to setup <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/">Tailwind CSS</a> in your fresh project with a Single Command.
</p>

![Twify](./assets/twify.png)

## :gift: Installation

Scaffold a new project of your choice of framework, then simply run,

```sh
npx twify init
```

### Command Options

Other than `--help` you can also do more.

#### Keep Existing CSS

By default, twify will replace your existing CSS and only keep Tailwind. But if you want to keep the existing CSS you can use the `-k, --keep` flag.

```sh
npx twify init -k
# OR
npx twify init --keep
```

#### Force Package Manager for Installation

By default, twify will try to guess the Package Manager for installing dependencies in your project but if you want to force your standard or you don't want to take any chances you can use the `-i, --installer` option.

```sh
npx twify init -i yarn # Options: npm, yarn, pnpm
# OR
npx twify init --installer yarn
```

#### Configure Tailwind Prettier

Optionally if you want to install the Tailwind Prettier Plugin also, you can opt for `-p, --pretty` flag. Because this plugin doesn't play well with other prettier plugins it is kept under the flag not a default.

```sh
npx twify init -p
# OR
npx twify init --pretty
```

## :star: Supported Projects

Below are the list of Supported Projects,

| **Framework**    | **Javascript**     | **Typescript**     |
|------------------|--------------------|--------------------|
| Next JS          | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Remix            | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Nuxt 2           | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Nuxt 3           | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Svelte Kit       | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Laravel Vite     | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Vite             | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Angular          | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Create React App | :white_check_mark: | :white_check_mark: |
| Gatsby           | :o: WIP            | :o: WIP            |


## :microscope: Testing

After Cloning the repository, install all npm dependencies by running: `npm install`.

Then Run Tests:

```bash
$ npm run test
$ npm run coverage
```

## :date: Change log

Please see [release history][link-releases] for more information on what has changed recently.

## :heart: Contributing

Please feel free to contribute ideas and PRs are most welcome.

## :crown: Credits

- [Kazi Mainuddin Ahmed][link-author]
- [All Contributors][link-contributors]

## :policeman: License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

[link-author]: https://github.com/tzsk
[link-contributors]: ../../contributors
[link-releases]: ../../releases
